c:\users\pjs\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ServiceStackTest\ServiceStackTest\bin\ServiceStackTest.dll
c:\users\pjs\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ServiceStackTest\ServiceStackTest\bin\ServiceStackTest.pdb
c:\users\pjs\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ServiceStackTest\ServiceStackTest\bin\ServiceStack.Common.dll
c:\users\pjs\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ServiceStackTest\ServiceStackTest\bin\ServiceStack.dll
c:\users\pjs\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ServiceStackTest\ServiceStackTest\bin\ServiceStack.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\pjs\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ServiceStackTest\ServiceStackTest\bin\ServiceStack.Plugins.ProtoBuf.dll
c:\users\pjs\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ServiceStackTest\ServiceStackTest\bin\ServiceStack.ServiceInterface.dll
c:\users\pjs\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ServiceStackTest\ServiceStackTest\bin\ServiceStack.Text.dll
c:\users\pjs\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ServiceStackTest\ServiceStackTest\bin\ServiceStack.pdb
c:\users\pjs\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ServiceStackTest\ServiceStackTest\bin\ServiceStack.xml
c:\users\pjs\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ServiceStackTest\ServiceStackTest\bin\ServiceStack.Common.pdb
c:\users\pjs\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ServiceStackTest\ServiceStackTest\bin\ServiceStack.Common.xml
c:\users\pjs\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ServiceStackTest\ServiceStackTest\bin\ServiceStack.Interfaces.pdb
c:\users\pjs\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ServiceStackTest\ServiceStackTest\bin\ServiceStack.Interfaces.xml
c:\users\pjs\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ServiceStackTest\ServiceStackTest\bin\ServiceStack.Plugins.ProtoBuf.pdb
c:\users\pjs\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ServiceStackTest\ServiceStackTest\bin\ServiceStack.ServiceInterface.pdb
c:\users\pjs\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ServiceStackTest\ServiceStackTest\bin\ServiceStack.Text.pdb
c:\users\pjs\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ServiceStackTest\ServiceStackTest\bin\ServiceStack.Text.xml
c:\users\pjs\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ServiceStackTest\ServiceStackTest\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\pjs\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ServiceStackTest\ServiceStackTest\obj\Debug\ServiceStackTest.dll
c:\users\pjs\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ServiceStackTest\ServiceStackTest\obj\Debug\ServiceStackTest.pdb
